Document troubleshooting for persistent Firehose destination errors (#38392)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose.md

> To resolve any issues encountered while setting up Metric Streams or the associated resources, see [AWS Troubleshooting][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter issues while setting up Metric Streams or the associated resources, see [AWS Troubleshooting][6]. If CloudWatch metrics stop appearing after Metric Streams has been running successfully, see [Persistent Firehose destination errors](#persistent-firehose-destination-errors) below.
```

Reviewer: With the new section being added, this intro sentence could be expanded to prevent confusion

### Persistent Firehose destination errors

> If CloudWatch metrics stop appearing in Datadog, the CloudWatch Metric Stream and Amazon Data Firehose delivery stream may still show a `running` state even when Firehose is no longer delivering records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CloudWatch metrics stop appearing in Datadog, the CloudWatch Metric Stream and Amazon Data Firehose delivery stream may still show a `running` state. This can happen even when Firehose is no longer delivering records.
```

Reviewer: This sentence is being flagged by our linter as too long, so suggesting this split.

> This can happen when Firehose cannot deliver records to the Datadog HTTP endpoint before its [retry period][8] expires and it also cannot write the failed records to its S3 backup. When both delivery paths fail, the delivery stream may not automatically resume HTTP delivery after the endpoint becomes available again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can happen when Firehose cannot deliver records to the Datadog HTTP endpoint within its [retry period][8], nor write the records to its S3 backup. When both delivery paths fail, the delivery stream may not automatically resume HTTP delivery after the endpoint becomes available again.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to shorten this sentence as well

To diagnose and restore delivery:

> 1. Locate the Firehose delivery stream associated with the affected CloudWatch Metric Stream. To do this with the AWS CLI, run the following command and find the `FirehoseArn` in the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the Firehose delivery stream associated with the affected CloudWatch Metric Stream. Run the following AWS CLI command to find the `FirehoseArn` in the response:
```

   ```shell
   aws cloudwatch get-metric-stream \
     --name <METRIC_STREAM_NAME> \
     --region <AWS_REGION>
   ```

> 2. Review the [Firehose delivery error logs][9] in CloudWatch Logs. If delivery error logging is not enabled, enable it so future delivery errors are captured. Relevant errors include `HttpEndpoint.DestinationException` (such as HTTP 408 responses) and `S3.AccessDenied`.

Reviewer 2: Can we maybe bake in delivery error logging into the streams template as well ? Or specify it in the setup part of the guide

> 3. Inspect the [Firehose CloudWatch metrics][10], including `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Success`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.DataFreshness`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Records`, and `IncomingRecords`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe make a note to inspect those in CloudWatch and not in Datadog in the case where these metrics are streamed (it sounds obvious I know)

> 3. Inspect the [Firehose CloudWatch metrics][10] in the CloudWatch console. If the affected streams were delivering metrics to Datadog, these metrics may not be visible in Datadog while delivery is interrupted. Check `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Success`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.DataFreshness`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Records`, and `IncomingRecords`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Inspect the [Firehose CloudWatch metrics][10] in the CloudWatch console (Datadog may not show these metrics while delivery is interrupted). Check `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Success`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.DataFreshness`, `DeliveryToHttpEndpoint.Records`, and `IncomingRecords`.
```

> 4. If Firehose receives records but does not deliver them, verify the S3 backup configuration and IAM role. Confirm that Firehose can assume the configured role and write to the backup bucket. Check that the bucket policy, permissions boundary, service control policies (SCPs), and KMS key policy do not deny the required access. If the logs show an S3 permissions error, correct it before continuing.

Reviewer 2: It would be helpful if we can point customers to the usual path where backed up records might appear in the bucket. Seems like the fastest way to identify whether writing there works

> 4. If Firehose receives records but does not deliver them, verify the S3 backup configuration and IAM role. Confirm that Firehose can assume the configured role and write to the backup bucket. Check that the bucket policy, permissions boundary, service control policies (SCPs), and KMS key policy do not deny the required access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If Firehose receives records but does not deliver them, verify the S3 backup configuration and IAM role:
   - Confirm that Firehose can assume the configured role and write to the backup bucket.
   - Check that the bucket policy, permissions boundary, service control policies (SCPs), and KMS key policy do not deny the required access.
```

> 5. Check whether records are reaching S3 by looking in the backup bucket under the prefix configured in your Firehose delivery stream's S3 backup settings. If no objects are being written, it confirms a permissions or configuration issue with the S3 backup path. If the logs show an S3 permissions error, correct it before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check whether records are reaching S3 by looking in the backup bucket under the prefix configured in your Firehose delivery stream's S3 backup settings. If no objects are being written, it confirms a permissions or configuration issue with the S3 backup path. If the delivery error logs from step 2 show an S3 permissions error, correct it before continuing.
```

> 5. Update the Firehose HTTP destination configuration and save it (for example, change its retry duration). A configuration update can restart a stalled destination. Use the Firehose [`UpdateDestination` API][11].

Reviewer 2: The 5. seems duplicated here

> 6. Update the Firehose HTTP destination configuration and save it (for example, change its retry duration). A configuration update can restart a stalled destination. Use the Firehose [`UpdateDestination` API][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Update the Firehose HTTP destination configuration using the Firehose [UpdateDestination API][11], for example by changing its retry duration. A configuration update like this can restart a stalled destination.
```

> If delivery does not recover, contact [Datadog Support][12] and provide the AWS account ID and region, the CloudWatch Metric Stream and Firehose delivery stream ARNs, the approximate time delivery stopped, and relevant Firehose error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If delivery does not recover, contact [Datadog Support][12] and provide:
   - The AWS account ID and region
   - The CloudWatch Metric Stream and Firehose delivery stream ARNs
   - The approximate time delivery stopped
   - Relevant Firehose error logs
```
